# EOS Kickback Producer Website

As we all believe in, is the open market dynamics to control price.

## Brendan Blumer approved!

As all can read, the CEO of block one. Brendan Blumer, approved the idea of
free market pricing to block production.

## Why?

We talked a lot about our beloved EOS model, and have expressed many times in
the past year we would like to see direct vote buying implemented as a way for
our tokenholders to receive direct kickback. From this EOS Kickbacks Block
Producer was born.

## How?

EOS Kickbacks Blockprocer is alread in prodcution, all tokenholders can proxy
their vote to the `eoskickbacks` vote proxy. The EOS Kickbacks system will
detect and calculatie the ratio of each tokenholders contribution and when it
happened.

At the moment EOS Kickbacks Blockproducer claims its reward, all votes included
in a period longer than 24h are included in the dispersion of Block Producer
Rewards in ratio.

## When?

All proxied votes (longer than 24h** will be included at every claim cycle of
**24h +1 second***.

## Who? 

Two accountable EOS Veterans with a great reputation in the EOS world have
created this wonderful service. Now every tokenholder can earn direct interest
on their voting power.

### Boy Maas (EOS Amsterdam)

Original Founder of EOS Asmterdam. full stack software engineer who has been
active in the internet industry for more than twenty years. Boy has worked in
the telecom, website, gaming and financial technology sectors and is now fully
engaged in the crypto space. He has extensive experience in setting up high
available infrastructures and running mission-critical fintech applications,
building distributed teams and keeping things moving forward.

### Jiri (EOS Germany)

IT Specialist & Developer, 39, with 20 years of professional experience in IT
industry. He has been through various management positions in the financial
industry where participated in national and international projects. Jiri is a
Founder of a number of companies in the financial and exchange trading sector.
Furthermore, he is an Open Source Developer (Apache Software Foundation) and new
technology pioneer.

***Competence focus***: Professional IT for financial institutions, Legal and
Regulatory compliance, Planning and delivery of strategic IT landscapes


## Conclusion

Take out your wallet, and start earning right now!

